
=pod

=head1 NAME

autossl - Upgrade plain network socket to encrypted one with the help of autossl.so(3)

=head1 SYNOPSIS

autossl <COMMAND> [<ARGS>]

=head1 DESCRIPTION

Helper script to wrap any (dynamically linked) I<COMMAND> around and set up environment for
autossl.so(3).
LD_PRELOAD-able library autossl.so(3) intercepts connect(2) network
connections and upgrade them to TLS.

This helper script helps you use autossl.so(3) and type less when using
it with common simple commands, like C<wget URL>.

You probably use it only with simple commands anyways, which makes about
1 or 2 connections needed to be upgraded by autossl, or only connects
to IPs with no virtual domains (virtual domains are common at web
servers).
See LIMITATIONS below.

As part of the convenience functions, it 

=over 4

=item 1

replaces https URL-looking command line argument to http, letting
autossl.so(3) intercept the plain connection and upgrade it back to
https during the connection.

=item 2

finds domain names in command line arguments and passes appropriate
C<-servername> parameter to the underlaying openssl(1SSL) command.

=back

Turn these convenience functions off by setting
C<AUTOSSL_CONVENIENCE=off> in your invoking environment.

May set B<OPENSSL_EXTRA_ARGS> environment to pass more parameters to
openssl(1SSL).

autossl(1) has built-in port mapping which contains I<PLAIN>:I<TLS> port
pairs for common protocols, but you can extend it by setting
space-delimited I<PLAIN>:I<TLS> port number pairs in
B<AUTOSSL_TLS_PORT_MAP> environment variable.
Mappings defined in B<AUTOSSL_TLS_PORT_MAP> take precedence over built-ins.

=head1 ENVIRONMENT

=over 4

=item AUTOSSL_BACKEND

which program to use as a upgrade-to-TLS helper.
Supported: openssl (default), stunnel.
Note, this is not B<AUTOSSL_TLS_CMD>.
B<AUTOSSL_TLS_CMD> is set by autossl(1) internally.

=item AUTOSSL_CONVENIENCE

If set to "off" it does not try to guess SNI servername.

=item AUTOSSL_SILENT

Less diagnostical messages

=item AUTOSSL_UPGRADE_PORTS

Space-delimited list of port numbers which autossl should work on (default 80)

=item AUTOSSL_UPGRADE_IPS

Space-delimited list of IPs which autossl should work on.
Unset to enable autossl on all IPs.

=item AUTOSSL_TLS_PORT_MAP

Space-delimited list of colon-separated port number pairs denoting which port should be mapped to which one.
Some common ports are set by default (grep AUTOSSL_TLS_PORT_MAP to see which ones).

=item OPENSSL_EXTRA_ARGS

Additional options passed to openssl(1SSL) if it's used

=item STUNNEL_EXTRA_ARGS

Additional options passed to stunnel(8) if it's used

=back

=head1 RATIONALE

Provide encypted network communication support for softwares not speaking
(high enough version of) SSL/TLS themself.

=head1 LIMITATIONS

May not work if I<COMMAND> connects to multiple services, because many
SSL/TLS servers need to know which domain (website name) the client is
about to connect to in order to present to right certificate for the
domain. However autossl(1) knows only abount the IP address, not the
domain name. This can be worked around, mostly in simple programms,
communicating with just a few servers, by guessing the domain name from
the command line arguments.
This is done if AUTOSSL_CONVENIENCE is not off.

=head1 SEE ALSO

autossl.so(3)
