=pod

=head1 NAME

autossl.so - LD_PRELOAD-able library to upgrade plain transport channels to enrypted ones without the client software's knowledge

=head1 USAGE
	
LD_PRELOAD=.../autossl.so AUTOSSL_UPGRADE_PORTS="80 8080" AUTOSSL_TLS_CMD=stunnel.sh wget ...

LD_PRELOAD=.../autossl.so AUTOSSL_UPGRADE_PORT=80 AUTOSSL_UPGRADE_IPS="192.0.2.1 192.0.2.2" AUTOSSL_TLS_CMD=s_client.sh wget ...

=head1 DESCRIPTION

This shared library extends connect(2) standard library function adding
SSL/TLS layer on the socket transparently.
Doing it by invoking a wrapper command and passing the caller process
traffic through its STDIO.
On each connect() calls, it checks that the destination port is one of
those from B<AUTOSSL_UPGRADE_PORTS> environment variable and the
destination IP is one of the IPs in B<AUTOSSL_UPGRADE_IPS> (if it's set).

AUTOSSL_UPGRADE_PORTS and AUTOSSL_UPGRADE_IPS are space-delimited list
of port numbers and IPs respectively.
If you don't know the IP(s) prior, leave AUTOSSL_UPGRADE_IPS unset, then
any connection on AUTOSSL_UPGRADE_PORTS ports to any host will be
upgraded.

If the criteria above are satisfied, starts I<AUTOSSL_TLS_CMD> expecting
it to connect to the right TLS endpoint.
I<AUTOSSL_TLS_CMD> is invoked with 2 arguments: the original IP and port
the caller process wanted to connect, so it can find out where to open
the TLS channel if the caller possibly connects to more than 1 endpoints
during runtime.

In the I<AUTOSSL_TLS_CMD> wrapper command, run stunnel(8) or openssl
s_client(1SSL) or other command to open a TLS channel connected to the
STDIO, eg:

  stunnel -f -c -r mail.example.net:993
  
  openssl s_client -connect $1:443 -servername example.net -quiet

If you dont want to upgrade a particular connection to TLS, simply run
something like C<unset AUTOSSL_UPGRADE_PORTS; netcat $1 $2>.

=head2 SNI concerns

Currently the domain name which the caller process wants to connect to
is not known by autossl.so, because programs get the hostname resolved
to IP address(es) before connect(2) is called and does not pass the
prior known hostname to it.
Therefore the wrapper command has to be creative in terms of what to
send in SNI to the TLS endpoint. 
Autossl is not particularly recommended to use with processes which connect
to many various hosts (eg. web browsers) with little correlation between domain names and IP addresses/ranges,
because it makes hard for the wrapper command to find out the right SNI for a given IP. 
A more plausible scenario is to make autossl.so upgrade socket connections to a few, 1, 2, or 3 hosts,
or to hosts of which server name is unambiguous by thier IP.

=head2 Error cases

By default, autossl does not cause exception in the caller process in
error cases (eg. ip address parse error, invalid port number), rather
falls back to system's connect(2) function.
However if AUTOSSL_ERRNO is set, it sets errno to that value and returns
-1 in the above error cases. You may set AUTOSSL_ERRNO to 5 to report
IOError in such cases.

=head1 COMPATIBILITY

inet sockets (ipv4)

SOCK_STREAM (tcp)

=head1 ENVIRONMENT

AUTOSSL_UPGRADE_PORTS

AUTOSSL_UPGRADE_IPS

AUTOSSL_TLS_CMD

AUTOSSL_ERRNO

AUTOSSL_SILENT

=head1 HOW TO COMPILE

  gcc -D_GNU_SOURCE -ldl -shared -fPIC -o autossl.so autossl.c
