descriptions.md, before:

|   |   |
|---|---|
| [2opml](user-tools/2opml) | Convert list of URLs to OPML.
| [adr2html](user-tools/adr2html) | Convert Opera Hostlist 2.0 bookmarks to HTML
| [asterisk-log-separator](user-tools/asterisk-log-separator) | Split up Asterisk PBX log file into multiple files based on which process wrote each part
| [awk-cut](user-tools/awk-cut) | Select fields from input stream with awk
| [base58](user-tools/base58) | Encode to (decode from) Base58
| [base64url](user-tools/base64url) | Encode to (decode from) Base64-URL encoding
| [bencode2json](user-tools/bencode2json) | Convert Bencode (BitTorrent's loosely structured data) to JSON
| [cdexec](user-tools/cdexec) | Run a given command in the given directory
| [chattr-cow](user-tools/chattr-cow) | try hard to enable Copy-on-Write attribute on files
| [chattr-nocow](user-tools/chattr-nocow) | try hard to disable Copy-on-Write attribute on files
| [chmod-cheap](compiled-tools/coreutils/chmod-cheap.patch) | chmod(1) files only if new mode differs from the old one
| [chromium_cookie_decrypt.py](user-tools/chromium_cookie_decrypt.py) | Decrypt Chromium web browser stored cookies and output cleartext
| [chshebang](user-tools/chshebang) | Change a script's default interpreter
| [convert_chromium_cookies_to_netscape.sh](user-tools/convert_chromium_cookies_to_netscape.sh) | Convert Chromium and derivative web browser's cookies to Netscape format (used by wget and curl)
| [corner_time](user-tools/corner_time) | Place a digital clock in the upper right hand corner of the terminal
| [cut.awk](user-tools/cut.awk) | Output only the selected fields from the input stream, parameters follow awk(1) syntax
| [daemonctl](user-tools/daemonctl) | Manage preconfigured libslack daemon(1) daemons more conveniently
| [dataurl2bin](user-tools/dataurl2bin) | Decode "data:..." URLs from input stream and output the raw binary data
| [debdiff](user-tools/debdiff) | Display differences between 2 Debian packages (*.deb files)
| [descpids](user-tools/descpids) | List all descendant process PIDs of the given process(es)
| [dfbar](user-tools/dfbar) | Display disk space usage with simple bar chart (as reported by df(1))
| [digasn](user-tools/digasn) | Query Autonom System Number (ASN) from DNS
| [diu](user-tools/diu) | Display Inode usage, similar to du(1) for space usage
| [dlnew](user-tools/dlnew) | Download web resource if local copy is older
| [eat](user-tools/eat) | Read and echo back input (like cat(1)) until interrupted (ie. ignore end-of-file)
| [errorlevel](user-tools/errorlevel) | Exit with the given status code
| [fcomplete](user-tools/fcomplete) | Complete a smaller file with the data from a bigger one
| [fc-search-codepoint](user-tools/fc-search-codepoint) | Print the names of available X11 fonts containing the given code point(s)
| [fdupes-hardlink](user-tools/fdupes-hardlink) | Make hardlinks from identical files as reported by fdupes(1)
| [ff](user-tools/ff) | Find files horizontally, ie. a whole directory level at a time, across subtrees
| [fgat](user-tools/fgat) | Execute command in foreground at a given time
| [findnewestfile](user-tools/findnewestfile) | Search for the newest file in a given path recursively and always show the most recent while scanning
| [findoldestfile](user-tools/findoldestfile) | Search for the oldest file in a given path recursively and always show the most older while scanning
| [fixlogfiledatetime](user-tools/fixlogfiledatetime) | Set the target files modification time to their respective last log entry's timestamp
| [fixRFC822filemtime](user-tools/fixRFC822filemtime) | Set a file's last modification time, which contains an email message in RFC-822 format, to the email's Date
| [fmtkv](user-tools/fmtkv) | Tranform key=value (each optionally double-quoted) pairs into 1 pair by 1 line on the output
| [foreach](user-tools/foreach) | Run an OS or shell command on each input line, similar to xargs(1)
| [g_filename_to_uri](user-tools/g_filename_to_uri) | Mimic g_filename_to_uri() GLib function creating a file:// url from path string
| [gitdiff](user-tools/gitdiff) | View two files' diff by git-diff(1), even not under git version control
| [grandparentexe](compiled-tools/grandparentexe.c) | Display the grandparent process executable path of the current process
| [header.sed](user-tools/header.sed) | Echo the input stream up to the first empty line (usual end-of-header marker)
| [Head](user-tools/Head) | output as many lines from the first part of files as many lines on the terminal currently
| [htmlentities](user-tools/htmlentities) | Convert plain text into HTML-safe text
| [indent2tree](user-tools/indent2tree) | Makes TAB-indented text into ascii tree chart
| [inisort](user-tools/inisort) | Sort keys in an INI file according to the order of keys in an other INI file
| [is_gzip](user-tools/is_gzip) | Return 0 if the file in argument has gzip signature
| [jaro-metric](user-tools/jaro-metric) | Calculate the Jaro metric of given strings
| [jaro-winkler-metric](user-tools/jaro-winkler-metric) | Calculate the Jaro-Winkler metric of given strings
| [json2bencode](user-tools/json2bencode) | Convert JSON to Bencode (BitTorrent's loosely structured data)
| [kt](user-tools/kt) | Run command in background terminal; keept(1) convenience wrapper
| [lastbcsv](compiled-tools/lastcsv.pod) | List of last bad login attempts in CSV format
| [lastcsv](compiled-tools/lastcsv.d/lastcsv.c) | List of last logged in users in CSV format
| [LevelDB](user-tools/LevelDB) | Commandline interface for Google's leveldb key-value storage
| [levenshtein-distance](user-tools/levenshtein-distance) | Calculate the Levenshtein distance of given strings
| [lines](user-tools/lines) | Output only the given lines of the input stream
| [list_screens](user-tools/list_screens) | List all GNU/Screen sessions accessible by the user and all of their inner windows as well
| [lnto](user-tools/lnto) | ln(1) convenience wrapper; you enter link target paths relative to the current directory
| [logbtmp](compiled-tools/logbtmp.d/logbtmp.c) | Add new entry to the system's bad-login database (btmp)
| [loggerexec](user-tools/loggerexec) | Run a command and send STDOUT and STDERR to syslog
| [logrotate-counters](user-tools/logrotate-counters) | Increment numbers in file names
| [logto](user-tools/logto) | Run a command and append its STDOUT and STDERR to a file
| [lsata](user-tools/lsata) | List ATA devices on the system
| [lsenv](user-tools/lsenv) | List environment variables of a process
| [mime_extract](user-tools/mime_extract) | Extract parts from a MIME multipart file and save them into separate files
| [mkdeb](user-tools/mkdeb) | Create a Debian package (.deb)
| [mkmagnetlink](user-tools/mkmagnetlink) | Create a "magnet:" link out of a torrent file
| [mksock](compiled-tools/mksock.c) | Create a socket type file
| [moz_bookmarks](user-tools/moz_bookmarks) | Read Mozilla bookmarks database and display titles and URLs line-by-line
| [msg](user-tools/msg) | Write to given user's open terminals
| [multithrottler](user-tools/multithrottler) | Run given command if not reached the defined rate limit
| [mysql-fix-orphan-privileges.php](user-tools/mysql-fix-orphan-privileges.php) | Suggest SQL commands to clean up unused records in system tables which hold permission data
| [noacute](user-tools/noacute) | Strip diacritics (acute, umlaut, ...) from letters on the input stream
| [nocomment](user-tools/nocomment) | remove comment lines from input stream
| [organizebydate](user-tools/organizebydate) | Rename files based on their date-time
| [palemoon-current-url](user-tools/palemoon-current-url) | Display the webpage's URL which is currently open in Palemoon web browser
| [parsel](user-tools/parsel) | Select parts of a HTML document based on CSS selectors
| [partial](user-tools/partial) | Show an earlier started long-running command's partial output
| [paths2indent](user-tools/paths2indent) | Transform list of filesystem paths on input into an indented list of their leaf elements
| [pdfflop](user-tools/pdfflop) | Flop a PDF file's pages
| [perl-repl](user-tools/perl-repl) | Read-Evaluate-Print-Loop wrapper for perl(1)
| [pfx2pem](user-tools/pfx2pem) | Convert PFX (PKCS#12) certificate file to PEM format
| [pipekill](user-tools/pipekill) | Send signal to a process on the other end of the given pipe filedescriptor
| [PMbwmon](user-tools/PMbwmon) | Poor man's bandwidth monitor
| [PMdirindex](user-tools/PMdirindex) | Poor man's directory index generator, output HTML
| [PMdirindex](user-tools/PMdirindex) | Poor man's hex diff viewer
| [PMnslist](user-tools/PMnslist) | Poor man's namespace list
| [PMpwgen](user-tools/PMpwgen) | Poor man's password generator
| [PMrecdiff](user-tools/PMrecdiff) | Poor man's directory tree difference viewer, comparing file names and sizes recursively
| [pngmetatext](user-tools/pngmetatext) | Put metadata text into PNG file
| [pvalve](user-tools/pvalve) | Control how much a given command should run by an other command's exit code
| [pyzor-files](user-tools/pyzor-files) | Run a pyzor(1) command on the given files
| [qrwifi](user-tools/qrwifi) | Generate a string, used in WiFi-setup QR codes, containing a hotspot name and password
| [relpath](compiled-tools/relpath.c) | Calculate the shortest relative path between directories
| [remove](compiled-tools/remove.c) | Remove file and directoy alike
| [renamemanual](user-tools/renamemanual) | Interactive file rename tool
| [repeat](user-tools/repeat) | Run a give command repeatedly
| [reportcmdstatus](user-tools/reportcmdstatus) | Textually shows how a given command finished
| [rsacrypt](user-tools/rsacrypt) | Encrypt/decrypt files with RSA
| [rsysrq](user-tools/rsysrq) | Send SysRQ commands remotely over the network
| [screenconsole](user-tools/screenconsole) | Interactive CLI to run GNU/screen commands against current or specified screen session
| [screen-notify](user-tools/screen-notify) | Send status-line message to the current GNU/Screen instance
| [screenreattach](user-tools/screenreattach) | Reattach to GNU/screen and import environment variables
| [setgroups](compiled-tools/setgroups.c) | Start a process with specified set of GIDs
| [set-sys-path](user-tools/set-sys-path) | Set PATH according to /etc/environment and run a program
| [set-xcursor-lock-and-run](user-tools/set-xcursor-lock-and-run) | Set X11 cursor to a padlock and run a command
| [slayall](user-tools/slayall) | Try to kill a process by name until it exists
| [slay](user-tools/slay) | Try to kill a process until it exists
| [ssh-agent-finder](user-tools/ssh-agent-finder) | Find a working ssh agent on the system so you get the same in each of your logon sessions
| [strip-ansi-seq](user-tools/strip-ansi-seq) | Dumb script removing more-or-less any ANSI escape sequences from the input stream
| [subst_sudo_user](user-tools/subst_sudo_user) | Sudo helper program
| [swap](user-tools/swap) | swaps two files' names
| [symlinks2dot](user-tools/symlinks2dot) | Generate a graph in dot(1) format representing the symlink-target relations among the given files
| [syncfs](compiled-tools/syncfs.c) | Request flushing data of the given filesystem to the disk
| [tabularize](user-tools/tabularize) | Takes TAB-delimited lines of text and outputs formatted table.
| [Tail](user-tools/Tail) | output as many lines from the end of files as many lines on the terminal currently
| [takeown](user-tools/takeown) | Take ownership on files, even for unprivileged users
| [taslis](user-tools/taslis) | WM's Window List
| [terminaltitle](user-tools/terminaltitle) | Set the current terminal's title string
| [tests](user-tools/tests) | Show all attributes of the given files which can be tested by test(1) in the same color as ls(1) shows them
| [text2img-dataurl](user-tools/text2img-dataurl) | Convert text input to image in "data:..." URL representation
| [timestamper](user-tools/timestamper) | Prepend a timestamp to each input line
| [touchx](user-tools/touchx) | set execution bit on files and creates them if neccessary
| [ttinput](user-tools/ttinput) | Inject console input in a terminal as if the user typed
| [uchmod](user-tools/uchmod) | chmod files according to umask
| [unicodestyle](user-tools/unicodestyle) | Add font styles to input text using Unicode
| [upsidedown](user-tools/upsidedown) | Transliterate input stream to text with upsidedown-looking chars
| [url_decode](user-tools/url_decode) | Unescape percent-encoded sequences given either in parameters or in stdin
| [url_encode_bf](user-tools/url_encode_bf) | Make all chars given either in parameters or in stdin to percent-encoded sequence
| [url_encode](user-tools/url_encode) | Escape URL-unsafe chars in text given either in parameters or in stdin by percent-encoding
| [url-parts](user-tools/url-parts) | Extract specified parts from URLs given in input stream
| [utmp](compiled-tools/utmp.c) | Display UTMP database like who(1) but machine-parsable
| [vidir-sanitize](user-tools/vidir-sanitize) | Helper script to change tricky filenames in a directory
| [vifiles](user-tools/vifiles) | Edit multiple files as one
| [waitpid](user-tools/waitpid) | Wait for a process to end (even if not child of current shell)
| [whisper-retention-info](user-tools/whisper-retention-info) | Show data retention policy in Whisper timeseries database file
| [wikibot](user-tools/wikibot) | Update Wikimedia (Wikipedia) article
| [xdg-autostart](user-tools/xdg-autostart) | Start XDG autostart programms
| [xidle](compiled-tools/xidle.c) | Display idle time of an X11 screen
| [xml2json](user-tools/xml2json) | Convert XML input to JSON

Commit message:

reportcmdstatus support copying child command exit status

descriptions.md, after:

|   |   |
|---|---|
| [2opml](user-tools/2opml) | Convert list of URLs to OPML.
| [adr2html](user-tools/adr2html) | Convert Opera Hostlist 2.0 bookmarks to HTML
| [asterisk-log-separator](user-tools/asterisk-log-separator) | Split up Asterisk PBX log file into multiple files based on which process wrote each part
| [awk-cut](user-tools/awk-cut) | Select fields from input stream with awk
| [base58](user-tools/base58) | Encode to (decode from) Base58
| [base64url](user-tools/base64url) | Encode to (decode from) Base64-URL encoding
| [bencode2json](user-tools/bencode2json) | Convert Bencode (BitTorrent's loosely structured data) to JSON
| [cdexec](user-tools/cdexec) | Run a given command in the given directory
| [chattr-cow](user-tools/chattr-cow) | try hard to enable Copy-on-Write attribute on files
| [chattr-nocow](user-tools/chattr-nocow) | try hard to disable Copy-on-Write attribute on files
| [chmod-cheap](compiled-tools/coreutils/chmod-cheap.patch) | chmod(1) files only if new mode differs from the old one
| [chromium_cookie_decrypt.py](user-tools/chromium_cookie_decrypt.py) | Decrypt Chromium web browser stored cookies and output cleartext
| [chshebang](user-tools/chshebang) | Change a script's default interpreter
| [convert_chromium_cookies_to_netscape.sh](user-tools/convert_chromium_cookies_to_netscape.sh) | Convert Chromium and derivative web browser's cookies to Netscape format (used by wget and curl)
| [corner_time](user-tools/corner_time) | Place a digital clock in the upper right hand corner of the terminal
| [cut.awk](user-tools/cut.awk) | Output only the selected fields from the input stream, parameters follow awk(1) syntax
| [daemonctl](user-tools/daemonctl) | Manage preconfigured libslack daemon(1) daemons more conveniently
| [dataurl2bin](user-tools/dataurl2bin) | Decode "data:..." URLs from input stream and output the raw binary data
| [debdiff](user-tools/debdiff) | Display differences between 2 Debian packages (*.deb files)
| [descpids](user-tools/descpids) | List all descendant process PIDs of the given process(es)
| [dfbar](user-tools/dfbar) | Display disk space usage with simple bar chart (as reported by df(1))
| [digasn](user-tools/digasn) | Query Autonom System Number (ASN) from DNS
| [diu](user-tools/diu) | Display Inode usage, similar to du(1) for space usage
| [dlnew](user-tools/dlnew) | Download web resource if local copy is older
| [eat](user-tools/eat) | Read and echo back input (like cat(1)) until interrupted (ie. ignore end-of-file)
| [errorlevel](user-tools/errorlevel) | Exit with the given status code
| [fcomplete](user-tools/fcomplete) | Complete a smaller file with the data from a bigger one
| [fc-search-codepoint](user-tools/fc-search-codepoint) | Print the names of available X11 fonts containing the given code point(s)
| [fdupes-hardlink](user-tools/fdupes-hardlink) | Make hardlinks from identical files as reported by fdupes(1)
| [ff](user-tools/ff) | Find files horizontally, ie. a whole directory level at a time, across subtrees
| [fgat](user-tools/fgat) | Execute command in foreground at a given time
| [findnewestfile](user-tools/findnewestfile) | Search for the newest file in a given path recursively and always show the most recent while scanning
| [findoldestfile](user-tools/findoldestfile) | Search for the oldest file in a given path recursively and always show the most older while scanning
| [fixlogfiledatetime](user-tools/fixlogfiledatetime) | Set the target files modification time to their respective last log entry's timestamp
| [fixRFC822filemtime](user-tools/fixRFC822filemtime) | Set a file's last modification time, which contains an email message in RFC-822 format, to the email's Date
| [fmtkv](user-tools/fmtkv) | Tranform key=value (each optionally double-quoted) pairs into 1 pair by 1 line on the output
| [foreach](user-tools/foreach) | Run an OS or shell command on each input line, similar to xargs(1)
| [g_filename_to_uri](user-tools/g_filename_to_uri) | Mimic g_filename_to_uri() GLib function creating a file:// url from path string
| [gitdiff](user-tools/gitdiff) | View two files' diff by git-diff(1), even not under git version control
| [grandparentexe](compiled-tools/grandparentexe.c) | Display the grandparent process executable path of the current process
| [header.sed](user-tools/header.sed) | Echo the input stream up to the first empty line (usual end-of-header marker)
| [Head](user-tools/Head) | output as many lines from the first part of files as many lines on the terminal currently
| [htmlentities](user-tools/htmlentities) | Convert plain text into HTML-safe text
| [indent2tree](user-tools/indent2tree) | Makes TAB-indented text into ascii tree chart
| [inisort](user-tools/inisort) | Sort keys in an INI file according to the order of keys in an other INI file
| [is_gzip](user-tools/is_gzip) | Return 0 if the file in argument has gzip signature
| [jaro-metric](user-tools/jaro-metric) | Calculate the Jaro metric of given strings
| [jaro-winkler-metric](user-tools/jaro-winkler-metric) | Calculate the Jaro-Winkler metric of given strings
| [json2bencode](user-tools/json2bencode) | Convert JSON to Bencode (BitTorrent's loosely structured data)
| [kt](user-tools/kt) | Run command in background terminal; keept(1) convenience wrapper
| [lastbcsv](compiled-tools/lastcsv.pod) | List of last bad login attempts in CSV format
| [lastcsv](compiled-tools/lastcsv.d/lastcsv.c) | List of last logged in users in CSV format
| [LevelDB](user-tools/LevelDB) | Commandline interface for Google's leveldb key-value storage
| [levenshtein-distance](user-tools/levenshtein-distance) | Calculate the Levenshtein distance of given strings
| [lines](user-tools/lines) | Output only the given lines of the input stream
| [lnto](user-tools/lnto) | ln(1) convenience wrapper; you enter link target paths relative to the current directory
| [loadenv](compiled-tools/loadenv.c) | Load environment variables from file and run a program in that environment
| [logbtmp](compiled-tools/logbtmp.d/logbtmp.c) | Add new entry to the system's bad-login database (btmp)
| [loggerexec](user-tools/loggerexec) | Run a command and send STDOUT and STDERR to syslog
| [logrotate-counters](user-tools/logrotate-counters) | Increment numbers in file names
| [logto](user-tools/logto) | Run a command and append its STDOUT and STDERR to a file
| [lsata](user-tools/lsata) | List ATA devices on the system
| [lsenv](user-tools/lsenv) | List environment variables of a process
| [mime_extract](user-tools/mime_extract) | Extract parts from a MIME multipart file and save them into separate files
| [mkdeb](user-tools/mkdeb) | Create a Debian package (.deb)
| [mkmagnetlink](user-tools/mkmagnetlink) | Create a "magnet:" link out of a torrent file
| [mksock](compiled-tools/mksock.c) | Create a socket type file
| [moz_bookmarks](user-tools/moz_bookmarks) | Read Mozilla bookmarks database and display titles and URLs line-by-line
| [msg](user-tools/msg) | Write to given user's open terminals
| [multithrottler](user-tools/multithrottler) | Run given command if not reached the defined rate limit
| [mysql-fix-orphan-privileges.php](user-tools/mysql-fix-orphan-privileges.php) | Suggest SQL commands to clean up unused records in system tables which hold permission data
| [noacute](user-tools/noacute) | Strip diacritics (acute, umlaut, ...) from letters on the input stream
| [nocomment](user-tools/nocomment) | remove comment lines from input stream
| [organizebydate](user-tools/organizebydate) | Rename files based on their date-time
| [palemoon-current-url](user-tools/palemoon-current-url) | Display the webpage's URL which is currently open in Palemoon web browser
| [parsel](user-tools/parsel) | Select parts of a HTML document based on CSS selectors
| [partial](user-tools/partial) | Show an earlier started long-running command's partial output
| [paths2indent](user-tools/paths2indent) | Transform list of filesystem paths on input into an indented list of their leaf elements
| [pdfflop](user-tools/pdfflop) | Flop a PDF file's pages
| [perl-repl](user-tools/perl-repl) | Read-Evaluate-Print-Loop wrapper for perl(1)
| [pfx2pem](user-tools/pfx2pem) | Convert PFX (PKCS#12) certificate file to PEM format
| [pipekill](user-tools/pipekill) | Send signal to a process on the other end of the given pipe filedescriptor
| [PMbwmon](user-tools/PMbwmon) | Poor man's bandwidth monitor
| [PMdirindex](user-tools/PMdirindex) | Poor man's directory index generator, output HTML
| [PMdirindex](user-tools/PMdirindex) | Poor man's hex diff viewer
| [PMnslist](user-tools/PMnslist) | Poor man's namespace list
| [PMpwgen](user-tools/PMpwgen) | Poor man's password generator
| [PMrecdiff](user-tools/PMrecdiff) | Poor man's directory tree difference viewer, comparing file names and sizes recursively
| [pngmetatext](user-tools/pngmetatext) | Put metadata text into PNG file
| [pvalve](user-tools/pvalve) | Control how much a given command should run by an other command's exit code
| [pyzor-files](user-tools/pyzor-files) | Run a pyzor(1) command on the given files
| [qrwifi](user-tools/qrwifi) | Generate a string, used in WiFi-setup QR codes, containing a hotspot name and password
| [relpath](compiled-tools/relpath.c) | Calculate the shortest relative path between directories
| [remove](compiled-tools/remove.c) | Remove file and directoy alike
| [renamemanual](user-tools/renamemanual) | Interactive file rename tool
| [repeat](user-tools/repeat) | Run a give command repeatedly
| [reportcmdstatus](user-tools/reportcmdstatus) | Textually show how the given command finished (exit status, signal)
| [rsacrypt](user-tools/rsacrypt) | Encrypt/decrypt files with RSA
| [rsysrq](user-tools/rsysrq) | Send SysRQ commands remotely over the network
| [screenconsole](user-tools/screenconsole) | Interactive CLI to run GNU/screen commands against current or specified screen session
| [screen-notify](user-tools/screen-notify) | Send status-line message to the current GNU/Screen instance
| [screenreattach](user-tools/screenreattach) | Reattach to GNU/screen and import environment variables
| [screens](user-tools/screens) | List all GNU/Screen sessions accessible by the user and all of their inner windows as well
| [setgroups](compiled-tools/setgroups.c) | Start a process with specified set of GIDs
| [setpgrp](compiled-tools/setpgrp.c) | CLI frontend for setpgrp(2) - run a program in a new process group
| [set-sys-path](user-tools/set-sys-path) | Set PATH according to /etc/environment and run a program
| [set-xcursor-lock-and-run](user-tools/set-xcursor-lock-and-run) | Set X11 cursor to a padlock and run a command
| [slayall](user-tools/slayall) | Try to kill a process by name until it exists
| [slay](user-tools/slay) | Try to kill a process until it exists
| [ssh-agent-finder](user-tools/ssh-agent-finder) | Find a working ssh agent on the system so you get the same in each of your logon sessions
| [strip-ansi-seq](user-tools/strip-ansi-seq) | Dumb script removing more-or-less any ANSI escape sequences from the input stream
| [subst_sudo_user](user-tools/subst_sudo_user) | Sudo helper program
| [swap](user-tools/swap) | swaps two files' names
| [symlinks2dot](user-tools/symlinks2dot) | Generate a graph in dot(1) format representing the symlink-target relations among the given files
| [symlinks-analyze](user-tools/symlinks-analyze) | Discover where symlinks point at, recursively
| [syncfs](compiled-tools/syncfs.c) | Request flushing data of the given filesystem to the disk
| [tabularize](user-tools/tabularize) | Takes TAB-delimited lines of text and outputs formatted table.
| [Tail](user-tools/Tail) | output as many lines from the end of files as many lines on the terminal currently
| [takeown](user-tools/takeown) | Take ownership on files, even for unprivileged users
| [taslis](user-tools/taslis) | WM's Window List
| [terminaltitle](user-tools/terminaltitle) | Set the current terminal's title string
| [tests](user-tools/tests) | Show all attributes of the given files which can be tested by test(1) in the same color as ls(1) shows them
| [text2img-dataurl](user-tools/text2img-dataurl) | Convert text input to image in "data:..." URL representation
| [timestamper](user-tools/timestamper) | Prepend a timestamp to each input line
| [touchx](user-tools/touchx) | set execution bit on files and creates them if neccessary
| [ttinput](user-tools/ttinput) | Inject console input in a terminal as if the user typed
| [uchmod](user-tools/uchmod) | chmod files according to umask
| [unicodestyle](user-tools/unicodestyle) | Add font styles to input text using Unicode
| [upsidedown](user-tools/upsidedown) | Transliterate input stream to text with upsidedown-looking chars
| [url_decode](user-tools/url_decode) | Unescape percent-encoded sequences given either in parameters or in stdin
| [url_encode_bf](user-tools/url_encode_bf) | Make all chars given either in parameters or in stdin to percent-encoded sequence
| [url_encode](user-tools/url_encode) | Escape URL-unsafe chars in text given either in parameters or in stdin by percent-encoding
| [url-parts](user-tools/url-parts) | Extract specified parts from URLs given in input stream
| [utmp](compiled-tools/utmp.c) | Display UTMP database like who(1) but machine-parsable
| [vidir-sanitize](user-tools/vidir-sanitize) | Helper script to change tricky filenames in a directory
| [vifiles](user-tools/vifiles) | Edit multiple files as one
| [waitpid](user-tools/waitpid) | Wait for a process to end (even if not child of current shell)
| [whisper-retention-info](user-tools/whisper-retention-info) | Show data retention policy in Whisper timeseries database file
| [wikibot](user-tools/wikibot) | Update Wikimedia (Wikipedia) article
| [xdg-autostart](user-tools/xdg-autostart) | Start XDG autostart programms
| [xidle](compiled-tools/xidle.c) | Display idle time of an X11 screen
| [xml2json](user-tools/xml2json) | Convert XML input to JSON
